Changelog for FF_INSTANCE_URL (#4819)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2026/04/hosted-instance-url-env-var.md

---
title: Hosted Instances know their own URL
description: Hosted Instances now get an FF_INSTANCE_URL environment variable
date: 2026-04-07 17:00:00
authors: ['ben-hardill']
tags:
 - changelog
issues:
 - https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/issues/6984
---

> Hosted Instances now include an [Environment Variable](/docs/user/envvar/#standard-environment-variables) called `FF_INSTANCE_URL` which allows them to know what URL they can be reached on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your hosted instance now knows its own URL. The `FF_INSTANCE_URL` [environment variable](/docs/user/envvar/#standard-environment-variables) is automatically available to your flows, so you can reference the instance's address without hardcoding it.
```
